welcome to the installation video of the
Kirk one three one one six class three
trailer hitch on a 2011 Porsche Cayenne
to give you a better view of the
installation we are using a lift like
most installations this vehicle does not
need to be elevated for the install we
estimate this installation to take one
hour and 15 minutes to two and a half
hours depending on your level of
expertise these are the tools necessary
for the install to begin remove the four
Torx head fasteners that attach the
bottom rear portion of the bumper cover
to the vehicle
next remove two Torx head fasteners that
attach the bumper cover from the inside
of each wheel well
remove an additional fastener located
behind the back tire
on the driver side remove the wheel well
trim by removing the fastener holding
the trim to the fascia carefully remove
the rear half of the wheel well trim
remove the three Torx head fasteners
underneath
you
repeat this on the passenger side
starting on the passenger side remove
the vehicle taillight by first removing
the panel located on the side of the
light remove the two Torx head bolts
located behind the panel
carefully slide out the taillight and
unfasten the electrical click repeat
this process on the driver's side
back on the passenger side remove two
Torx head screws that fasten the bumper
cover to the vehicle repeat this on the
driver's side
remove the last two fasteners located
here that attach the rubber stoppers and
bumper cover to the vehicle
carefully remove the bumper cover by
gently popping out the sides first and
then pulling straight back remove the
bumper beam by unfastening eight m12
bolts these bolts will be reused to
install the hitch
raise the hitch into position and fasten
it with the eight previously removed
bolts
Tork all hardware to the exact values
specified in the supplied instruction
sheet
reinstall the bumper wheel well trim and
taillights and fasten them with the
previously removed fasteners
this completes the installation of the
curt one three one one six class three
trailer hitch on a 2011 Porsche Cayenne
thank you for watching this video now
you can bring curt the first name and
towing products